Update index.md (#26976)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/classlist/index.md

Although the `classList` property itself is read-only, you can modify its associated `DOMTokenList` using the {{domxref("DOMTokenList/add", "add()")}}, {{domxref("DOMTokenList/remove", "remove()")}}, {{domxref("DOMTokenList/replace", "replace()")}}, and {{domxref("DOMTokenList/toggle", "toggle()")}} methods.

> You can test whether the element contains a given class using the {{domxref("DOMTokenList/contains", "contains()")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test whether the element contains a given class using the {{domxref("DOMTokenList/contains", "classList.contains()")}} method.
```

> Also you can check the existence of the token in `DOMTokenList` using the {{domxref("DOMTokenList/contains", "contains()")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test whether the element contains a given class ` using the {{domxref("DOMTokenList/contains", "contains()")}} method.
```
